# STRENGTH TEST
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/M7Gpz8S3NGs>
#### Description:
For my project I decided to turn a training benchmark test into an interactive website I can actually use myself. The 9C Strength Test is a test climbers can use to gauge how hard they should be climbing and benchmark their training progress and help find weaknesses. Normally for this test you’ll perform three exercises, record the weight added or duration of the excursive, compare those results to a table of points for each excursive, total all the points and compare the total to yet another table to find what grade you can theoretically climb. I figured turning that into an interactive website that you put your data in and it spits out each individual excursive score, the total score, and the grade make the test a little easier.

For each of the website's pages I have a navbar which makes getting around the website much easier. The first item on the navbar is the homepage (index.html). The homepage provides background on the test and a YouTube video to help explain the test and each excursive further. Below that is a brief description for each excursive as well as an accompanying table to prove the points for the corresponding weigh ratios or durations. Next on the navbar is a dropdown menu that combines the test page and results page. I added this feature because I thought it was neat and wanted to try it and I don't like long navbars so this helped condense it. As well, because one page reflects the other it makes sense for them to be grouped together. On the test page (test.html) users can enter their data from their exercises. I left the forms be open to any number input because weights and durations for exercises can vary greatly from person to person. I did limit the core excursive selection to only three inputs as those are the only ones used for the test. I used the mb-3 forms because they look much nicer than the normal ones. The results page (results.html) is where the users results are tabulated, providing a table with the points allotted for each exercise and the cumulative score. This page also tells the user their climbing grade. The final item on the nav bar is a link to Mountain Project, a website for finding outdoor climbs, so that users can look for new climbs to try. An additional hidden page on the website (review.html) is just a page I used to print out various variable to make sure my code was working and is not intended for user use but no harm if it is accessed by users.

As for the python code, the homepage is the root for what is obvious reasons but that is where users should first be directed so they know how to do the exercises. Theres not much code for the root, results page or anything else really so next I'll move to the test code function. Once the user inputs their data it is transferred into the python code. Each input is transferred to an integer except for the core excursive. Ratios for the pull up and crimp excursive are calculated based off the user’s weight and weight added. The ratio or duration is then used to calculate the score. The score is stored in the points lists as the index, the actual values in the list are the ratios or durations. I did think of using a dictionary but because it’s very easy to net get an exact ratio I went with a list like this so the ratio/duration can be looped through the list and sort of round down to the next closest ratio. Round down to give a conservative estimate. For example, if this is a list of points for hang time in seconds [0, 5, 10, 15] 0 seconds is worth 0 points, 5 seconds is worth 1 point and so on. The same is done for the core excursive after if statements determine what excursive it is. The cumulative score is taken by summing all the points up and this is also compared to a similar list where the index is the points and the value is the climbing grade. For this one I could've used a dictionary as there will only be points 1-40 but I figred I had already been doing it this way so best to stay consistent.

