# STRENGTH TEST
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/9CaoSJLssH0
#### Description:
For my project I decided to creat a python program that utilized what is known as the 9c test to evaluate someones climbing ability. The test utilizes multiple excersizes to determine the climbing grade one could thoretically achieve with those strengths. Normally for this test you’ll perform four exercises, record the weight added or duration of the excursive, compare those results to a table of points for each excursive, total all the points and compare the total to yet another table to find what grade you can theoretically climb. I figured turning that into an interactive website that you put your data in and it spits out each individual excursive score, the total score, and the grade make the test a little easier.

The program promts the user for inputs on their weight as well as the weight added for each excersize or time spent doing the exercise. Each input is transferred to an integer except for the core excursive. Ratios for the pull up and crimp excursive are calculated based off the user’s weight and weight added. The ratio or duration is then used to calculate the score. The score is stored in the points lists as the index, the actual values in the list are the ratios or durations. I did think of using a dictionary but because it’s very easy to net get an exact ratio I went with a list like this so the ratio/duration can be looped through the list and sort of round down to the next closest ratio. Round down to give a conservative estimate. For example, if this is a list of points for hang time in seconds [0, 5, 10, 15] 0 seconds is worth 0 points, 5 seconds is worth 1 point and so on. The same is done for the core excursive after if statements determine what exercise it is. The cumulative score is taken by summing all the points up and this is also compared to a similar list where the index is the points and the value is the climbing grade. For this one I could've used a dictionary as there will only be points 1-40 but I figred I had already been doing it this way so best to stay consistent.

This project has more of a personal use for myself rather than a program that is useful for others. I take this test myself every so often to determine what excersizes to work on and this program will allow me to calculate my progress, or possible decline, just a little bit faster and easier.y
